Update bridging.md (#706)
tokio-rs/website: content/tokio/topics/bridging.md

---
title: "Bridging with sync code"
---

> We can opt-in and out of sync and async behavior depending upon our use case 
> by adopting any of the below ways.

Author: ```suggestion
We can choose to use synchronous or asynchronous behavior depending on our need. For instance, 
```
Thanks for replying. Revisiting at the sentence, it does the look little awkward. What is your view on the above suggestion, will it go with the bulleted points.

 * Marking the main function with `#[tokio::main]` and making the entire project 
   asynchronous. 
 * Making the entire project asynchronous but opting out of asynchronous behavior 

>    for a small portion of code by using [`spawn_blocking`].

Reviewer: This portrays these as alternative ways of approaching it, but they're not mutually exclusive.

Author: True they are not mutually exclusive. Thanks for pointing that out. If the points are not mutually exclusive, I think it will be hard to justify changing the text.
